# packages in environment at /quanta1/home/sutan101/opt/miniconda3/envs/pcrglobwb_py3_env_v20200128:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       0_gnu    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.70.0               h8e57a91_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2019.11.28           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hfb77d84_1002    conda-forge
certifi                   2019.11.28               py38_0    conda-forge
cfitsio                   3.470                hb60a0a2_2    conda-forge
cftime                    1.0.4.2                  pypi_0    pypi
curl                      7.65.3               hf8cf82a_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               he372182_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.0               he983fc9_1    conda-forge
freexl                    1.0.5             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
geos                      3.8.0                he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.5.1                h38872f0_8    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_1    conda-forge
glib                      2.58.3          py38h6f030ca_1002    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_1    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            hf30be14_1003    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h3c11f04_1104    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
json-c                    0.13.1            h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
kealib                    1.4.10            h58c409b_1005    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.4               h2fd8d38_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.33.1               h53a641e_7    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.1           default_hde54327_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.65.3               hda55be3_0    conda-forge
libdap4                   3.20.4               hd3bb157_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1006    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgdal                   3.0.3                h20022a4_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_4    conda-forge
libglu                    9.0.0             hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1005    conda-forge
libkml                    1.3.0             h4fcabce_1010    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.7.3           nompi_h9f9fd6a_101    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h5ec1e0e_6    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
libpq                     12.1                 hd9ab2ff_0    conda-forge
libspatialite             4.3.0a            ha48a99a_1034    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.2                h22169c7_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc3755c2_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                h56121f0_5    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              0.9.1                hebb1f50_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
nspr                      4.24                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 he751ad9_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.17.5           py38h95a1406_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.3.1                h981e76c_3    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1d               h516909a_0    conda-forge
pcraster                  4.3.0_rc1       py38h1211aff_12    http://pcraster.geo.uu.nl/pcraster/pcraster
pcre                      8.43                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
pip                       20.0.2                   py38_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
poppler                   0.67.0               h14e79db_8    conda-forge
poppler-data              0.4.9                         1    conda-forge
postgresql                12.1                 hc63931a_0    conda-forge
proj                      6.3.0                hc80f0dc_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
python                    3.8.1                h357f687_1    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.5               hd8c4c69_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
setuptools                45.1.0                   py38_0    conda-forge
six                       1.14.0                   py38_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
tbb                       2018.0.5             h2d50403_0    conda-forge
tiledb                    1.7.0                hcde45ca_2    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tzcode                    2019a             h516909a_1002    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.1                   py38_0    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.2             h8412b87_1004    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h3b9ef0a_1    conda-forge
